going to get anybody in trouble. So when the
doctor, when I awakened and the doctors came in and
they asked you all those questions and they said,
what will you do? I said, I fell down the stairs.
And, uh, you know, and I don't know who that
upperclassman was, but I always thought that I did
the right thing because nobody got in trouble. And
it was my, it was my mistake for hitting my head on a
radiator. Um,
Yeah, okay. I didn't talk about President
Williams, but I got to meet him at Clemson. Oh, yes,
yes. When I was an ROTC instructor and going to
graduate school at night at Clemson, I was playing
handball with the athletic director at Clemson in
the summer before, I guess it was the summer of 72.
saw where the Aggies were going to come to Clemson
University for the first time ever. And Clemson
was still a high school football team. They were a
powerhouse of a basketball program, but their
football program was sophomoreish. And the
Aggies, by 72, had a heck of a program. And so, man,
the Aggies were coming to Clemson. And we were on
the East Coast there, so I told athletic director,
if you can get me 50 tickets that I can buy together
on the 50-yard line, I'll get 50 Aggies there. When
it was all said and done, we had 1,500. The band
didn't come, but the Rioliers came and Dr.
Williams came because he had been from Clemson.
And all of a sudden, I think he figured out that he's
got 1,500 Aggies coming from Washington, D.C. to
Florida and all the Carolinas and Georgia. And he
can go back to his old school and he can kill...
several birds with one stone. So he came and we had a
big barbecue the night before. And then we had the,
you know, all the activities, had yellow practice
before the game. And we beat Clemson so bad it was,
matter of fact, I was kind of proud of the Aggies.
They played the second half, they played their
third, fourth, and fifth teams the whole, the
first, second, third team didn't play the second
half. And they beat them like 40 or 50 to nothing. It
was terrible. but but uh you know they was done with
class i mean they could have beat them 100 to
nothing at the rate they were going um but i got to
meet dr williams one time and it was very personal i
mean i was the guy in charge of the setting up this
program and everything and so you know i was
escorting him around and and i'd you know i knew the
president of clemson at the time i'd gotten to know
him a little bit and i knew a lot of leadership in the
athletic department so it was kind of a special
weekend for me and i thought You know, and I hadn't,
he was, you know, the General's successor, and I
felt pretty good after meeting him that he could
handle, you know, the General Rutter legacy. You
know, I was impressed with his credentials.
Yeah, balanced life. Yeah, I got that point. Yeah,
sir, I pretty well, I think I hit all the points on
your notes. Then the last question. Yes, sir. What
feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M
now?
At 56, and I just turned 56 last month, and now I'm
back here, and I'm interacting again with old
friends. Oh, I forgot to talk about Buck Wires, but
Buck was a good friend of mine. I mean, and I dated
his daughter. It was one of the few ladies that I
would date, and I don't think we were ever going to
be in love, but we were good friends. And then I got
to know Buck through his daughter, and he was
special. But I think being back and everything
here, I went back to Houston after being gone for
37, 38 years, and I was not at home. I stayed there
three months. I was in my old stomping grounds.
That's where we got our apartment. And Jeannie and
I were just not comfortable. We came up here and we
moved to College Station. And it has been coming
home. And so in my heart, I've lived all over the
world. I've been to 63 countries at least once, and
I've been to several of them a dozen times. And I
come back to Texas A&M, and I've come back home. And
that's a feeling. that you can only get if you've
been all around the world for most of your adult
life and done all the things I've done. And it's a
very comforting feeling. I've gotten to know Dr.
Bowen, and I'm so inspired from all the things he's
had to do and his handling of the bonfire. I thought
it was such world-class handling of such a
traumatic event. When you send your kids to the
military, you know there's a chance they'll die in
combat, but when you send them to college, you
don't think they're going to die. And I've been
very impressed with how he and the leadership has
handled something that I thought was, you know,
one of the great tragedies of all universities.
So, no, it's hard to describe, and I don't do an
adequate job of articulating really personal
feelings, but it is, I think it capsulates it when I
say, when we came back to A&M to live, and Jeannie
says, the next move is to the cemetery. This is our
27th home, and we feel like we're at home. We're
with friends. We're in an unbelievable comfort
zone here. That's a great ending.